Update README.md (#880)
fthomas/refined: README.md

```

**refined** also contains inference rules for converting between different
refined types. For example, ``Int Refined Greater[10]`` can be safely
converted to `Int Refined Positive` because all integers greater than ten
are also positive. The type conversion of refined types is a compile-time
operation that is provided by the library:

```scala
scala> val a: Int Refined Greater[5] = 10
a: Int Refined Greater[Int(5)] = 10

// Since every value greater than 5 is also greater than 4, `a` can be
// ascribed the type Int Refined Greater[4]:
scala> val b: Int Refined Greater[4] = a
b: Int Refined Greater[Int(4)] = 10

// An unsound ascription leads to a compile error:
scala> val c: Int Refined Greater[6] = a
                                       ^
       error: type mismatch (invalid inference):
               eu.timepit.refined.numeric.Greater[5] does not imply
               eu.timepit.refined.numeric.Greater[6]
```

This mechanism allows to pass values of more specific types (e.g.
``Int Refined Greater[10]``) to functions that take a more general
type (e.g. `Int Refined Positive`) without manual intervention.

### prior Scala 2.13 without literal types

> Since there a no literal types prior Scala 2.13 the literals must be created with shapeless:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there are no literal types prior to Scala 2.13 the literals must be created with shapeless:
```
